Question 2:
Yes, because the in-degree for each node is randomly generated by the algorithm, the expected value of each node for a given run of the algorithm is the same. The likelihood each node is connected is dependent on the parameter "p". Different values of "p" change the expected value of the in-degree of each node across different runs of the algorithm. Within a single run of the algorithm, "p" is constant and the expected value of each node is the same.

The shape of the in-degree distribution of the ER graph looks to be normally distributed. The normal distribution has a bell shape, with values approximately evenly distributed on either side of the mean.

The shape of the in-degree distribution	plot for ER does not look similar to the shape of the in-degree distribution plot for the citation graph. While we can make the number of points in the plot about the same, the way the points are scattered does not follow the same shape. The points of the ER graph mimic the normal distribution. The points of the citation graph look somewhat like the side of the ER graph greater than the mean, but they have more points concentrated towards the extreme upper boundary. The slope of the right half of the ER graph falls steadily in an approximately quadratic fashion, while the slope of the citation graph looks quadratic until it gets towards the higher end of its plotted values.

Question 3:
n = 27770
m = 13

Question 5:
The shape of the DPA graph is similar to the shape of the citation graph, but not exactly the same. We can make the number of node equal, but setting DPA parameter "m" to the average out degree of the citation graph generates larger in-degree values at the extreme upper end of the DPA graph than what exists in the citation graph. While both graphs have negative slope in the lower end of the x-axis, the slope of the lower values of the DPA graph is more linear than the quadratic slope of the lower values of the citation graph. Both graphs have a concentration of extreme values at the upper end of the x-axis.

The DPA process mimics the "rich gets richer" phenomenon. It mimics this phenomenon because the probability of each node is proportional to its in-degree value. Since the algorithm starts by giving the initial "m" number of nodes a complete set of possible in-degree pairings, it is difficult for the new nodes to catch up since they have a much lower probability of being selected.

The physics citation graph also mimics the "rich gets richer" phenomenon. In networks, the popularity of nodes tend to follow a power law whereby the nodes having value "k", such as the number of in-degree citations, tend to decrease at some function 1/k^2. This is because decisions on which paper to cite are not made independently, but rather in correlation which what papers the researchers have heard about. The more popular the paper, the more likely other researchers are to cite the paper. This can lead to an extreme amount of citations for a small number of papers, much larger than what would be expected in the upper tail of a normal distribution.